[Music]
uh before starting with today's topics I
had to tell you a couple of things
and and I don't say this as if I'm serious I
mean I've already been telling you the
days before I don't want to say this
as a victim or anything uh I mean I say this
as something that you who are
here every day with me No well you
value and tell me How do you feel okay
but these are things that you are
experiencing with me day to day okay I mean
this so that it can't be said that it's that I do
n't know what no no no These are things that
you are experiencing day to day
with me okay for now a good one is that
uh You already have this live broadcast available again you already
have this live broadcast back that
these people reported the other day I don't know
who among them reported it okay but you
know that well in one of the last
live broadcasts I was telling you I was
announcing well the usual not every
every week every day we have a
new strike every day we have new tweets
thrown out every day we have a a
new thing a new demand a new thing
okay Well then it's one of  the last few
days one of the news that I gave you
okay
e was that this live that you're seeing
on screen, which if I'm not mistaken was the
first one in which we promoted the box,
which by the way has been unlocked,
the box has been unfixed with the fall
Lili can you finally put it
eem Well this live was blocked
eh Juanjo gave the idea to Tania and
these people in this group that there is a
report that you can put so that they
block you I don't know what with a
defamation sign and these people from time to time
well from time to time I imagine that
every day they'll try to do it they'll
try to do it they'll try it will get
fixed tesa it doesn't come out for me I think that
maybe it will come out to those who were
Take care Javi this is an anything goes Well they
blocked the live and that's it I
spoke to YouTube and at the moment that I
wrote to YouTube and I said Hey man, the
usual okay And that's it I mean
YouTube put it on me as always and that's it, the
usual okay without further ado look look he
asks for money for his trial and he  the one who has been
messing with everyone for years
insulting everyone especially
women who applaud him and starts crying like
crazy Okay the moment I spoke to
YouTube again here Haha these
things you know what these things do in the
end what they do is make me gain more
confidence with the support people of
YouTube, Twitter, TikTok
everywhere You know why they already
know me from Pesado and they see me appear there
Okay then if you see fit if you want
And if you feel like it's okay just to
give it another visit or to
position it if you want to stop by there
put a super Thank you there so that they
appear highlighted below no I mean
basically it was a live stream that they
were blocking me because there we had the
cash register thing and they don't want people to find out
about the cash register thing And then they
blocked it okay that way then uh
last night when I finished the live stream on the
main Channel that another time with the
main channel when I finished the
live stream of the salsa bar Well I got
an email okay I got an email that  I
warned that Mr. Planas was
trying to report me for copyright for
copyright okay the game over of the
main Channel I mean yesterday Yoan Planas seeing
that we had a strike with the thing with
Ricky Eddie Okay so yesterday Joan
Planas another day of his life with Javi
Oliveira and yesterday what he did was since he could
n't handle the game over because for
example people like Karime are
sharing the game over every day
sharing the game over okay Eh Well he
fraudulently took that eh I mean some
photos from his social networks he reported them
for copyright He wrote a text to
YouTube saying no it's that they are photos
protected by copyright photos
of him doing stupid things not like
Well then he went to try to throw the
game over because of that man whatever they
're trying to do is family and
I'm telling you okay what they're
trying to do is Yes or yes let's go they've already
said it Look they just just
gave the box with a push María Jesús what's
going on
queen throwing you to annoy me to take
measures I know María Jesús knows
YouTube is aware of what happened and
and you see it's that every day I have to
appear there on chat
to tell him Hey look today they
blocked me This video these creatures
also realize that they know
who reports Who they are and everything that
happens Because they also start to
bother them okay e Well but
just to tell you what happens
okay yesterday yesterday ytube sent me an email
that Joan Planas is shooting putting me in
an he tried okay that YouTube
told him that it's not worth it but that
Joan Planas tried with the my
strike in the game over okay this
time not through
video clips even stuttered he said one day that
Ian's problem is that it seemed like he would be
worth it he single-handedly ruined his
career and he insisted on blaming you but I do
n't know why he blames me because he's
fought with a lot of people Uh I mean he
was fighting one on one with everything with
Tania he hasn't fought with Tania yet
and whoever knows the story and knows the
story with Tania he hasn't fought
Tania being the profile that he hasn't fought with Tania
because  he uses it and they
have it there as if it were the cic Case
that says everything damn [ __ ] Javi Diego
arrabal messed with your box and what did
Miriana say And what did she say Tell me
eh my God but well
and they have tried to take it down for copyright
YouTube doesn't YouTube doesn't YouTube has not
accepted it on this occasion but I
tell you that I do not rule out that one
day I will find the channels down
and all that because they are determined that they
want to close my channel okay to
fight this well we have the
open box okay okay then we have
several things to discuss we have several
things to discuss but everyone was
afraid of him and you stood up to him And that is what
but it is not about them being
afraid or not being afraid or
whatever it is very simple when that sentence comes out
of the provincial court with
which well there will be people who are
more or less in agreement
okay Conan the same thing is going to happen with the
grab bag with Tania it is going to be a show that
eh when they fight What happens is that
with Tania they are putting up with it because they
use her for that and buo
chic like but he left fighting with everyone
with everyone with everyone utbh David Santos
jandro everyone one by one
everyone but it's not that dude but what I'm
telling you I mean
a video bothers you so much but if let's see
when when the sentence passes this
is something queos in the answer We'll let's
show it no when the
sentence passes I do more than what the sentence says I mean I
deleted many more
videos I deleted all the videos except
the game over that I left because I had a
lot of work I deleted all the videos
not just the six seven whatever they said
eh in the sentence the
sentence forced me to delete five
or six videos and I deleted all all the
live everything but not to m where do they have to a
kiss Raquel Thank you very much
love How are you and not only did I
delete all the videos but I
apologized for the expressions and he
offered me that each one go his own way
and he said he didn't want to
close the
Dallas trial clii of course how am I not going to see it
we'll talk about it later at the salsería
of course we are in telesalseo you know I mean
no  They are bothered by your videos, you are
bothered by them, but little girl, you
can't be bothered by a person who is
behind you all day saying something to you,
whatever, but after 5
years, a person who no longer runs into you is
saying, each one going their own way, I mean,
let's see after the sentence,
what did I say on the flight? Besides, I remember and I
have it recorded there, okay,
what do we have to do for you to leave me
in p, each one going their own way and he said, No, no,
no, I'm not going to stop until they
close your channels, I don't know what that was, that
was the moment to say, well,
look, this video bothers me a lot, the game
over bothers me a lot, it burns me, I want you to take it down, I want you to
delete it, and that's
it, we don't mention each other anymore, each one
says, pamme, don't they realize that your
family depends on it and you live off YouTube, they are
bad to play with it,
if they realize, yes, they know, yes, they know, there's
my family, my mother, eh, the
workers that are there, there are no three
editors, two miniaturers, two kids
who write the scripts, so this is
a team, this is a team, of course
they want to leave out  not only me anymore I
want to leave out everything because that's what I'm
telling you you have a problem with me well
then file the lawsuit and I know in the lawsuits
things are decided and what if I have to
pay you something I'll pay you but like close
the channels and whatever Or whatever it
is I'm not cutting myself short man every
day reporting eh all every day reporting
and that's what I'm telling you one
day we'll wake up and we won't have channels
or anything like that eh In fact
we're going to end up seeing Loli talking
about this subject they don't care at all they
just want to sink
Javi and all for a Game Over But fate
you eh I think but it's not that they want It's not that it's
all for a Game Over
only eh
you Ana Anica but if a year and a half ago
me and I told you each one for his side Javi
please remove all the videos I
remove everything about you we won't
mention each other again and each one for his side Of course
but you already when what you want and the
mother of my ar the same eh the mother of my ar
every day you continue
insulting him things are like Of course you're
not going away anymore  defending yourself because you're
feeling attacked because what you
want is to be on top try to
stay above how you stayed that's
not going to happen anymore Eh I mean there could be
1000 sentences 1000 channels could be closed and
closed that
what happened to me mediatically everyone has seen it
both with one group and with another group
as with all the people I mean
public opinion is not going to change a
noise is heard Lili Lili is also working
on the channel in telesalseo it's that I do
n't even know how many people live off the three
channels how many people are
Lili that's why when you say it's not that you
charge 15k 15k I charge my grandfather it's
clear to me that they have too much in
life but even so we will always support you we love you I think they
are people Well that they
are
special writing it here in public not
special and and of course they are like
frustrations of not being able to sink yourself of not being
able to stay on top I mean because
now suddenly what is it that what am
I doing to them suddenly
what is it that I am doing to them  making
the impression that it gives me eh
that I could be wrong Eh okay the
impression that I get is that you have eh you
had the idea both one person and
the other people Not to sink me
mediatically no and they thought
that with the word convicted in the
headlines of FACUA it was enough people don't care if
you are convicted for
insulting people are going to see a
conviction as bad a conviction for stealing a
conviction for abuse not like the one we
saw recently no eh people but
for insulting or rather insulting to a greater or
lesser extent many people insult I
'm not saying that it's right or
wrong but there are some context there are a
series of circumstances and I have
explained it many times and I have given a
very drastic example okay That's not the case
But well so that you understand me there could
be many circumstances in life where your
mouth goes off your state
of health the moment of your life
that you are going through okay
eh insult well let's see Of course you
Imagine that I am walking with my mother on the
street and a note passes  and he spits on my
mother Well maybe I'll insult him and maybe I'll
grab him by the neck and
headbutt him twice you understand and they're going to
condemn me because no matter the context they're
going to condemn me but I wouldn't be
ashamed of that condemnation me and I wouldn't be
ashamed of that condemnation I don't know
you understand me And if someone
messes with my family and I [ __ ] on their [ __ ]
mother Well maybe they can
condemn me too you understand and I'm not going to be
ashamed those are things in life I would be
ashamed of other condemnations and
other things of course there are out there
so
and of course on the one hand there's that frustration
no [ __ ] we
believed that with the word condemnation
Eh people were going to stop watching it, they were going to
stop supporting it and we
were right it's not worth it It's not worth it the
story is what it is amente pan tells me
but yes YouTube is also a spectacle
if you weren't visceral and you were more flat you would
n't have but apart they are gossip and they
are stories but I gossip history  if
you notice we have a lot a year
What happens is that there are some that
stay forever because they are people
who do not know how to turn the page and and Cos
So on the one hand there is the frustration
and on the other in the issue of the demands I
mean you tell me in January now it seems that
everything has become very heated I mean we
spent a very quiet December yes it
is true that they from time to time with
their session and their mentions and their things no but but but it has
been sudden what
has changed suddenly for them to be
so heated again they
are revolutionized making Now
reports well what there is is the box that
with the box you have screwed these
people why Well because these people what they
wanted with the what they wanted with these
demands that they put You know that
by the way someone just gave him a
push that he has gone crazy eh
I love you very much loida I love you very much
always you are always there supporting eh eh you
are always there How many years already loida I
send you a huge kiss a huge kiss
and we love you a lot around here you
know it You know it honey  I don't know if you're
here live or what, but I'm sending you
a huge kiss with this thing about the box, this of
course what has bothered them has
bothered them that of course their
idea that they have no no no it's not the
sentence it's not the damage of the sentence as
such but it's the damage of the sum now I'm
putting you on trial now I'm putting you another
now I'm putting you another now I'm putting this on you
now I mean it's Having you is
mentally draining and I think that's where La
Movida is going I think that's where La Movida is going
[Music]